PostgreSQL 8.3.7:

Vulnerabilities:
The core server component in PostgreSQL 8.4 before 8.4.1, 8.3 before 8.3.8, and 8.2 before 8.2.14 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (backend shutdown) by "re-LOAD-ing" libraries from a certain plugins directory.
PostgreSQL 7.4.x before 7.4.27, 8.0.x before 8.0.23, 8.1.x before 8.1.19, 8.2.x before 8.2.15, 8.3.x before 8.3.9, and 8.4.x before 8.4.2 does not properly handle a '\0' character in a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) field of an X.509 certificate, which (1) allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof arbitrary SSL-based PostgreSQL servers via a crafted server certificate issued by a legitimate Certification Authority, and (2) allows remote attackers to bypass intended client-hostname restrictions via a crafted client certificate issued by a legitimate Certification Authority, a related issue to CVE-2009-2408.

PostgreSQL 8.3.7 is prone to a lot of denial of service(DOS) attacks such as users who are
remotely authenticated can reload libraries from certain plugin directories. They are also
injection vulnerabilities which allows a hacker to remotely execute arbitrary SQL commands
via a uniquely crafted SQL script. The main issue here is that a lot libraries with certain functions
can easily be manipulated through trafficing.

Advice:
Upgrade to the latest version of PostgreSQL (anything above 9.2.3) that will
eliminate most if not, all of the issues listed above.

Cron 3.0PI1:

Vulnerabilities:
Cron 3.0PI1 is quite dangerous through the MAILTO environment variable. One
of the reasons is that it allows local users to gain root access and set parameters
of sendmail commands through buffer overflow. It also doesn't check to see if a temporary 
file is owned by the current user which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands

Advice:
Upgrade to the latest version of Cron (4.1) which eliminates all issues.

Apache 2.2.8

Vulnerabilities:
Allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code when running on windows because it does the 
HTTP server does not ensure that request processing is complete before calling isapi_unload
for an ISAPI.dll module. Also, the byterange filter allows remote attackers to cause a DOS
via a ranger header that expresses multiple overlapping ranges.

Advice:
Pretty much a strong software related problem so its best to just upgrade to the latest.

Openssh 4.7P1:

Vulnerabilities:
Authentication issues such as bypassing public parameters in the J-PAKE protocol and authenticating
through crafted values in each round of protocol. Another problem wold be the use of uniquely crafted
glob expressions that do not match any pathnames to cause a DOS attack.

Advice:
Upgrade to the latest version of Openssh (7.3) which eliminates the issues above. But also introduces
more so be careful.

Ubuntu 8.04.3








